c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe.config
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.pdb
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.xml
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Form1.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Resources.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.exe
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.xml
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.pdb
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Main.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Supplier.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Customer.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Purchase.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Purchasereturn.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Sales.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Salesreturn.resources
c:\users\saksham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Stocks.resources
C:\Users\SAKSHAM\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Bill.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe.config
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.exe
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Bill.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Customer.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Form1.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Main.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Resources.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Purchase.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Purchasereturn.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Sales.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Salesreturn.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Stocks.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Supplier.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe.config
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.exe
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.pdb
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\bin\Debug\store.xml
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Bill.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Customer.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Form1.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Main.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Resources.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Purchase.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Purchasereturn.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Sales.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Salesreturn.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Stocks.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.Supplier.resources
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.exe
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.xml
E:\COLLEGE\Projects\store\store\obj\Debug\store.pdb
